---
title: Why a blog?
tags: about
description: Something about me, this blog and everithnign.
---

Why should I have a blog? Actually this is a good question, and I'm not really
sure. The simplest reason, used by many, is that everyone already has so why not
me? I didn't want to go this way, I was thinking hard whether I have something
to say. Finally I decided not to think and just try.

## Me

My name is Libor, I live in Prague the capital of Czech Republic (sometimes
remembered as Czechoslovakia but we separated in 1993 forming Czech and Slovak
Republic). I got my master's degree in artificial intelligence with a minor
degree in computer vision from Czech Technical University in Prague (CTU).
Currently I'm employed in Centre for Machine Perception at CTU.

In my free time, I'm trying to be with people, who are precious to me. That is
related to that I do orienteering (a sport I will write about sometime), I'm not
really good at it but I'm constantly improving. Also I'm a member of a group of
people, that was started by our parents during their university studies, called
Gymnasion.

## This blog

So, I have decided to start writing a blog, that is the first step. What is
next? I'm not really sure, but as you can see I'm writing in English, eve though
it is not my mother tongue. It is so because one of the motivations behind this
blog is that I want to practise, both English ans writing, so please, do not
hesitate to correct me if make a mistake or if something sound odd.

Ok, I have the blog, the motivation and the language, what else should proper
blog have? A discussion, actually you won't found one here, at least not now. It
is not that I do not care what you thing about what I write. I do care, and
please use email for that (it is at the bottom of every post), I would be really
grateful for any kind of comment, suggestion even hate mail. However this is my
blog so you can't blame me for that I want to decide what is going to be shown
there.

I have decided to use [Hakyll](http://jaspervdj.be/hakyll/) a static page
generator written in [Haskell](http://www.haskell.org), in which I found liking
recently. The style of this page is inspired by other
[wunki.org](https://www.wunki.org/) and Hakyll website. I'm not fully satisfied
with the style, but it must do for now.


